---
title:
draft: true
tags:
date: 2026-02-08
---
## Letter

Hey Gerald,

With Chinese New Year coming up, I just wanted to write a quick note to say thank you.

When I first joined the team, you were one of the first people who came over, offered help, and pulled me into the voucher freshie lunch group. I’m a bit introverted, so that honestly meant a lot to me and helped me settle into the team faster.

You’re definitely the one who brings the energy into the group — starting conversations, keeping things lively, and somehow making everyone feel included. It’s always nice being around that kind of vibe.

I also really appreciated all the help you gave me during the entry tasks. And it’s hard not to notice how hardworking and inquisitive you are — digging into problems and being genuinely invested in what you do... which honestly sets a pretty solid example haha.

Feeling pretty lucky to have you as a colleague, and looking forward to working together more ahead.

Wishing you a great Chinese New Year — hope it’s full of good food, good rest, and zero bugs.

Tianran

---
## Delivery

- Date: 13 Feb 2026 (Friday afternoon)
- Form: handwritten
- Mode: quickly put under his keyboard at office while he was not at seat

---
## Reaction

> [!info] Context
> - He took a quick look after he returned to seat; quickly put it back as the guy sitting next to him arrived
> - I observed him with the corner of my eye; felt a bit disappointed as I didn't notice any change in his facial expression
> - Anticipating for his reply during weekend; felt a bit hurt when nothing was there; tried to get over it
> - He replied over Seatalk on the next Monday (probably don't wanna disturb me over the weekend, which is pretty considerate) 
> - The moment I saw his msg, I knew everything was worth it — and the sky becomes *opalite*...

> Hi Tianran i read your note over the weekend! Thanks for the vote of confidence. I really didn't expect that my presence would have such a huge impact on you but that's wonderful. Really happy that you're fitting in well with the team and slowly getting familiar with everyone else. As always if you have anything troubling you don't hesitate to ask! I'll do my best to help out :)

- nice and warm as always
- that "really didn't expect that my presence would have such a huge impact on you that's wonderful" — it really touches!
- anyway, it made my day
