Lunch with willy, had a very fruitful conversation 
- his feeling about AI really resonates a lot with me
	- write most code with AI, now can't write much own code; feeling confused when being asked about the implementation details
- salary & benefits
	- prev company is like shit (~5k?)
	- here is much lower than mine but still good for him
	- surprised by my salary, mentioned it's alr in the high band (oh really)
	- shocked when heard about my other offers' salary lollllll; felt mind-blowing
- friends around: apple, tt, amazon... all good i guess
	- well my friends are google, meta, tt ... so i feel even more pressured omg
- mentioned about my bf at meta, said he must be quite smart 
	- and said i was smart as well, cuz tianyue said during 2103 project i completed the UNDO feature on my own -- an advanced one. PLUS that was the time without AI
	- woow. looking back I'm surprised about myself; cuz over time i forgot about how far i've gone, what i've been through. i only rmb the struggles but never the good times 
	- which reminds me of the time when i locked myself in the room for the entire winter holiday and complete the nus odyessy full stack project on my own. that was a tough time for me (after breakup from a short but toxic relationship which nearly ruined my self esteem) but i made through it, meeting few friends, having little fun; rest of the time just being alone, coding, playing tennis (even on my own for this one!!!), calling parents sometimes when it gets hard. 
	- anyway i also completed that full stack project just by googling, reading docs, stack overflow, and referencing other repos... without AI. that was crazy, from the current pov
	- and also that 3103 project, i collaborated with friends and met new friends; a bit challenging but very fruitful collaboration experience 
	- maybe i can look back and cherish these moments. 
	- and moreover, reflect on my current status, my degrading coding ability (with the "help" of AI), and where im heading next towards
- interview experience
	- interviewed tt, apple, airwallex
	- all got v hard qns (leetcode hard)
	- total 6 rnds of interviews at apple, 4 in the same day...

> to confirm: first year at Shopee, can only get B for performance (in the best case??)

---

reflect on the oppouturnity cost of dating someone...
well as the lyric goes, "You wasted my prettiest years..."

---

I can't find any explanation for my choice
sunk in decision remorse
what can i say? 

---
tj & clarie -- this one can be studied in detail! 
lailai & slava 
how could these all happen? 
perhaps nothing is eternal 
what's the point? what's the takeaway here?

oh and also afu & julie